welcome to halsey kitchen garlic chicken
something I
the internet somewhere a little bit of
garlic in the jar their minced garlic
leftover add a little olive oil to that
and I add fresh garlic only because I
didn't have enough of either
olive oil already in the bowl put some
in the garlic mix
a couple of pieces of boneless chicken
okay that's going to hang out for a
little bit there will be back
okay 10 or 15 minutes later on the plate
here I got some Parmesan cheese bread
crumb cayenne pepper it's going to be
the coating
that's too hard
375-degree oven spray that good so these
things don't stick
ok I'm going to do the other one up the
same way let these cuff about a half an
hour in the oven we'll be back when
they're done
okay 30 minutes in the oven all then
let's put it on plate at least one of
them anyway
has vegetables
a trademark
and a sample without the lettuce
definitely try this one I'm going to
gonna make a sandwich out of that one
here's some carbohydrates
definitely worth trying that was
delicious thanks for tuning it in
everybody I'll see you next time